---
Title: Beehive it or not
Description: Guardian correspondent pretends to know about New Zealand parliament
Author: Don Robertson
Date: 2020-10-21
Robots: noindex,nofollow
Template: blog-item
---
You might like to send your Queenstown reporter, Eleanor Ainge Roy, to Wellington, where she might learn that New Zealand's Parliamentary buildings are not known as the Beehive, nor does the Beehive house the Press Gallery.

The Beehive houses the Government's executive offices. It is where the Prime Minister (the ninth floor is our Number 10) and Cabinet Ministers have their offices. The Press Gallery proper is in Parliament House, with the Parliamentary debating chamber, although the press do have offices elsewhere. They used to be in Bowen House, and may still be there. They will not be in the Beehive. These offices and the journalists who occupy them are also referred to as the 'gallery'.

For New Zealander's, and for anyone with any knowledge of New Zealand politics, confusing Parliament House, Bowen House and the Beehive would be like confusing Parliament, Whitehall or Westminster with Number 10, or confusing the Capitol, Senate or House of Representatives with the White House.

I wish I could say this was the first time your Queenstown correspondent had been inaccurate, but sadly this is not the case. I rarely read her interpretation of media reports any more.  I do wonder why you have someone in one of the most remote parts of New Zealand opining on what New Zealander's are thinking and how we are feeling. You must realize monitoring twitter does not accurately reflect the majority of peoples views.

The really weird thing is the comment is completely superfluous to the story. It's like adding details to try to impress people with your knowledge and getting it wrong. But then, as the whole story is about a video clip being posted to twitter, accuracy isn't really required.

Don
